{"pageId":"4","pageTitle":"Sportsbook Rules","layout":"linkedContentPage","section":"pages","enabled":1,"content":"<h3>General<\/h3>\n<p>These general rules apply to every sport unless clearly intended otherwise.<\/p>\n<h5>Change of venue<\/h5>\n<p>For any team sport: \u00a0if the scheduled venue is changed after the market is loaded, all bets will be void only if the new venue is a home ground of the original away team.<\/p>\n<p>For all categories or markets other than team sports: \u00a0if the scheduled venue is changed after the market is loaded, all bets will stand.<\/p>\n<p>If there is a change in the type of scheduled surface after the market has been loaded, all bets will stand.<\/p>\n<h5>Dead heat<\/h5>\n<p>For each bet matched on a relevant winning selection, the stake money is first reduced in proportion by multiplying it by the sum of the number of winners, divided by the number of actual winners (i.e. stake multiplied by (number of winners expected\/number of actual winners)). The winnings are then paid to the successful backers on this 'reduced stake' (reduced stake multiplied by traded price).<\/p>\n<p>For example, assume there is a dead heat for first place between three horses. 'Client A' has backed one of the winners for a stake of 300 at the traded price of 4.0. When the event is settled, the stake (300) is multiplied by 1\/3 (i.e. the number of expected winners (1) divided by the number of actual winners (3)) to calculate the reduced stake (100). The backer then receives the traded price matched (4.0) multiplied by the reduced stake (4 x 100 = 400). In this example, Client A's net winnings are 100 (400 payout minus the original 300 stake).<\/p>\n<h5>Suspected Irregularities<\/h5>\n<p>When a game or sporting event has or is suspected of having any irregularities the Operator may withhold payments until a full investigation by the relevant governing body\/independent authority.<\/p>\n<h5>Human error \/ System problems<\/h5>\n<p>If a bet is accepted at a price that is materially different from those available in the general market at the time the bet was made or clearly incorrect given the chance of the event occurring then the Operator will void all these bets.<\/p>\n<p>Event dates and start times displayed on our website are an indication only and are not guaranteed to be correct.<\/p>\n<h5>Live information<\/h5>\n<p>We do everything we can to ensure that the information displayed on live site with regards to an event is correct, but it is to be used as a guide only. In the event of score, time of match etc. being incorrect we assume no liability for this particularly where we rely on information provided by third parties.<\/p>\n<h5>Multiples<\/h5>\n<p>A multiple bet consists of a number of different chosen selections in any individual event market.<\/p>\n<p>The Operator reserves the right not to accept certain multiple bets.<\/p>\n<p>If a multiple contains a selection that is being voided the odds for this selection will be set to 1, i.e. if the multiple contains the selections <em>over 2.5 goals in game A (odds=2)* home in game B (odds=1.5) <\/em>and <em>game B<\/em> is being voided the odds for this multiple will be 2 * 1 = 2.<\/p>\n<p>If a multiple contains a selection that is being settled \u2018Half Win\u2019 the total odds are calculated as: one Win and one Half Win, odds(selection1) * (odds (selection2)\/2 + 1\/2).<\/p>\n<p>If a multiple contains a selection that is being settled \u2018Half Lose\u2019 the total odds are calculated as: i.e. one Win and one Half Lose, odds(selection1) * 1\/2.<\/p>\n<h5>Outrights \/ Ante Post<\/h5>\n<p>When placing \u201cOutright\u201d bets no stakes will be refunded on participants that are not participating or withdrawing from an event. In case of more winners the dead heat rule will be applied.<\/p>\n<p>If the event or tournament is not completed within 24 hours after the scheduled completion date all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<h5>Postponed \/ Abandoned matches<\/h5>\n<p>If a match does not start on the scheduled starting date or starts but is later abandoned and is not completed (resumed) by the end of the next full day, all bets will be void except for any bets placed on markets which have been unconditionally determined, which will stand.<\/p>\n<p>Some markets have different rules and these are listed under each sport\/market.<\/p>\n<h5>Resettlements<\/h5>\n<p>The Operator reserves the right to reverse the settlement of a market if a market is settled in error (i.e. human or technical error).<\/p>\n<h5>Settled outcomes<\/h5>\n<p>There are five different settled outcomes being used: Win, Lose, Tie, Half win and Half lose. Half win and Half lose refers to Asian handicap or Over\/Under where the line includes a quarter (0.25, 0.75, 1.25 etc.).<\/p>\n<p>If a bet is placed on over 2.25, half of the stake is placed on over 2 and half of the stake is placed on over 2.5. If the game ends with exactly two goals (1-1, 2-0 or 0-2) the bet placed on over 2 is settled tie and the bet placed on over 2.5 is settled lose. This is called <strong>Half lose<\/strong>. If the game ends with more than two goals the bet is settled win or if it ends with less than two goals the bet is settled lose.<\/p>\n<p>If a bet is placed on over 2.75, half of the stake is placed on over 2.5 and half of the stake is placed on over 3. If the game ends with exactly three goals (2-1, 3-0, 1-2 or 0-3) the bet placed on over 2.5 is settled as win and the bet placed on over 3 is settled tie. This is called <strong>Half win<\/strong>. If the game ends with more than three goals the bet is settled win or if it ends with less than three goals the bet is settled lose.<\/p>\n<p>If the wagering offer on an event includes a draw as a third option and the event ends in a draw, wagers on the draw will be paid, while wagers on either side will be lost.<\/p>\n<h3>American Football<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p>All markets will be settled on the result including overtime. If the game results in a tie after overtime all bets on the outright match winner will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match does not start on the scheduled starting date and is not started by the end of the next full day, all bets will be void except for those on markets which have been unconditionally determined<\/p>\n<h3>Australian Rules Football<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For betting purposes, winners and losers are determined by the final score (including overtime, if applicable). In the event of a draw (tie) as the final result \u2013 money line wagers on either team will be graded as half face value of the ticket. Half the bet is paid off at the quoted price, and half the bet loses.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All Aussie Rules matches must go at least 80 minutes to have action, except for pre-season matches that are scheduled to play less time.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If an Aussie Rules match is postponed for more than 48 hours from its original starting time, all bets on the match will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All bets on the game and all bets on the second half will include overtime scoring.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Bets on fourth quarters will not include overtime scoring.<\/p>\n<h3>Bandy<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p>Bets apply to regular time excluding overtime.<\/p>\n<p>If a game is changed from 2 * 45 min to 3 * 30 min all bets will stand.<\/p>\n<h3>Baseball<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a game ends with a tie and there is no such eventuality offered in the market, all bets on the match odds market will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All bets will include extra innings.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Money-line wagers on baseball will be accepted in the following manner:<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Action: team against team, regardless of the starting pitchers. When listed pitchers are offered and there is a pitching change prior to the game, the money line will be re-adjusted and \"action\" wagers will be graded using the opening price for the new pitcher.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Listed Pitchers:\u00a0if either\u00a0starting pitcher\u00a0is\u00a0not as specified at the time of the bet, the wager is voided.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">When listed pitchers are offered, wagers on total runs (over\/under), team totals (over\/under), handicap and alternate handicap will be void if a pitcher change occurs prior to both listed pitchers throwing at least one pitch.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">A pitcher is deemed a starter after throwing the first pitch to the opponent's first batter.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If an event is\u00a0postponed by more than 48 hours, all wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If an event venue is changed all wagers on the event will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a game is called or suspended, the winner is determined by the score after the last full inning unless the home team scores to tie, or takes the lead in the bottom half of the inning, in which case the winner is determined by the score at the time the game is called. Wagers will be refunded if the home team ties the game and it is then suspended. Events will not carry over to the following day unless otherwise specified.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a game is called or suspended in extra innings, the score will be determined after the last full inning unless the home team scores to tie, or takes the lead in the bottom half of the inning, in which case the score is determined at the time the game is called.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In the case of a suspended playoff game that will be resumed in a span of 96 hours after its suspension, all wagers have action and will be graded after the completion of the game. If the game is not completed within the 96 hours following the time of suspension, then all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For wagers on\u00a0pregame or\u00a0live\u00a0baseball on a specific inning or a group of innings those wagers\u00a0stand\u00a0if the specific timeframe is completed, regardless if the entire game has concluded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">The result of a game is official after 5 innings of play unless the home team is leading after 4.5 innings. When wagering on either total runs (over\/under) or team totals (over\/under) the game must go 9 innings (8.5 if the home team is ahead) for wagers to stand.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In the case that a Run Ahead or Mercy Rule is invoked, games will be considered complete.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers on handicaps, totals, team totals and money line will stand.If a game does not go five full innings, all first-half wagers (5 innings) will be void.<\/p>\n<p>For live Baseball\u00a0events the following rules apply, and will supersede those of pre-live baseball:<\/p>\n<ul><li>First half totals markets will be decided by the first 4.5 innings (i.e. including the top of the fifth inning but not the bottom).<\/li>\n<li>If a match is interrupted or cancelled and won't be continued on the same day, all undecided markets are considered void.<\/li>\n<\/ul><h3>Basketball<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If an event is not played on its scheduled date all wagers on the event will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If an event venue is changed all wagers on the event are.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All competitions\/leagues except the NBA must go at least 35 minutes for wagers to stand unless otherwise specified.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">NBA games must go at least 43 minutes to have action.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For wagers on periods (quarters and halfs) the minimum time is considered to be the duration of the period. If the entire game is not completed, wagers on quarters and halfs will have action if the relevant period was completed.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If play is suspended before the minimum time has been reached and not resumed the same day, all wagers on the event will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Any wager on the game or the 2nd half will include any overtime that may occur.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Any wager on the 4th quarter does not include any overtime that may occur.<\/p>\n<h3 class=\"MsoNormal\">Boxing<\/h3>\n<h5 class=\"MsoNormal\">Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">When the bell sounds to begin the first round, the bout will be considered official for betting purposes, regardless of the scheduled length or title.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If the number of scheduled rounds in a fight is changed, all wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If one of the boxers is disqualified that boxer will be deemed to be a loser.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">A fight is a Technical Draw when a fight ends before an allotted number of rounds. This is usually because of an accidental head-butt or foul.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Any fight that is deemed \"no contest\" will have all wagers refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Results will be graded based on the official result at ringside. Results are not official for wagering purposes until verified by officials at the fighting venue. Official or unofficial sanctioning body overturns of a fight decision based on appeal, suspension, lawsuit, drug testing result, or any other fighter sanction will not be recognized for wagering purposes.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Unless otherwise specified, matches must go within thirty days of the scheduled date for wagers to have action.<\/p>\n<h3>Cricket<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed then bets placed based on the original listing will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is abandoned due to outside interference, bets on the outcome for the total of the game will be void, if no winner is declared from the official site all bets on the winner of the match will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is affected by external factors (such as bad weather), all bets will be settled based on the official competition rule (this includes matches affected by a mathematical calculation such as the Duckworth-Lewis method (DL) or the Jayadevan system (VJD)).<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Where no price is quoted for the tie and the official competition rules do not determine a winner then all wagers will be voided. In competitions where a bowl out or super over determines a winner, then bets will be settled on the official result.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For top batsman\/bowler betting:<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Wagers placed on any player not in the starting 11 will be deemed void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Players who are in the starting 11 will be deemed to have played even if they have not batted or bowled.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Dead heat rules apply in the event of a tie.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For most sixes hit in the match:<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Match must reach a natural conclusion for bets to stand. Dead heat rules apply in the event of a tie.<\/p>\n<h3>Cycling<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p>Participants must pass the starting line of the respective event\/stage for bets to stand otherwise bets will be void. Head to heads will be settled upon the cyclist achieving the highest placing in the specified event\/stage. If both cyclists start but fail to finish a specific event\/stage then bets will be void. If both cyclists start a specific event\/stage and only one fails to finish then the cyclist who completes the specific event\/stage will be deemed the winner.<\/p>\n<p>Bets will be settled based on the classification that is published immediately after the race. Overturns later via protests, doping tests, or other means will not be recognized for betting purposes.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a race is postponed due to weather or force majeure, all wagers will stand if, and only if, the race is started within one week of the original start date.<\/p>\n<h3>Darts<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">When betting on the outright tournament winner, all wagers will stand; there are no refunds. Should a player withdraw before a tournament begins, any wagers on that player to win the tournament will be graded as losses.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Match Wagers: The player progressing to the next round will be deemed the winner, providing one of the players has thrown a dart at the start of the first leg. If the first dart is not thrown, all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Sets Wagers: The full number of sets required to win the match must be completed. If for any reason the match is awarded to a contestant before the full number of sets is completed, all sets wagers on the match will be void.<\/p>\n<h3>Floorball<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p>Bets apply to regular time excluding overtime.<\/p>\n<h3>Futsal<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Unless otherwise stated, all wagers are settled on regulation time only. This includes two periods of play and any time the referee adds on to compensate for injuries and other stoppages. It does not include periods of extra time nor penalty shootouts.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is suspended before full time is reached, and not completed the same day, wagers on the outcome of the match are considered void and all stakes shall be returned.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is postponed for any reason, all wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match venue is changed, all bets stand.<\/p>\n<h3>Golf<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If the start of a round is delayed, or if play during a round is suspended, all pending wagers will remain valid for 48 hours. If the postponement lasts more than 48 hours, all pending wagers will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers on a golfer who does not play in the tournament will be void, and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">A golfer is deemed to have played once he or she has teed off. In the event of a player withdrawing after having teed off, wagers on that player will be lost.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers will be settled using the official tournament and match results (including final match correct score and individual match betting). This includes a match that finishes early, either by agreement of the players or because of injury.<\/p>\n<h6 class=\"MsoNormal\">Tournament winner\/finishing position<\/h6>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- The \"Field\" includes all players not offered by name.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- All outright bets are settled on the player winning the trophy. The result of play-offs is taken into account.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- If a tournament does not go the specified number of completed holes (usually 72) and is shortened by the tournament officials, the leader at the end of the number of holes specified by the officials will be the winner, unless there is no further play or only part of a round completed after a bet has been placed, in which case that bet will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- In the event that two or more golfers are tied for the lead at the end of regulation play, a sudden death playoff is normally used to determine the winner of the tournament. In this case, the winner of the playoff is the winner for betting purposes. All other golfers in the playoff will be graded as second-place finishers.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- In the event of a tie for a finishing position, the tied position will count; for example, if five players tie for eighth place, all five will be considered to have finished eighth.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- In some tournaments, tournament officials may have the individuals play a specified number of playoff holes to determine the tournament winner. In this case, the golfer with the lowest score after completing the specified number of holes will be declared the winner, and all other golfers in the playoff will be graded as second-place finishers.<\/p>\n<h6 class=\"MsoNormal\">18 hole wagering<\/h6>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- The winner will be the player with the lowest score over 18 holes. If scores are level after 18 holes, all wagers will be void. Play-offs do not count.<\/p>\n<h6 class=\"MsoNormal\">Three-way matchups (three-balls)<\/h6>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Wagers on three-way golf matchups, known as \"three-balls\", will be decided by the lowest score after one full round of play. A full round is complete when 18 holes have been completed.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- If a player who has started withdraws before completing 18 holes he is deemed a loser regardless of the score. A player has started once he tees off on the first hole. If any player withdraws before starting, all bets on all players in his group will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- In the event of starting groups being rearranged, bets will be settled on the original groups.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In case of a tie for the low score in three-ball matches, we use the European dead heat rule:<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- If two golfers tie for the best score, a bet on either of these golfers will be settled and paid as follows: Half the bet (lay amount) is paid off at the quoted price, and half the bet loses. A bet on the golfer who finishes last is a losing bet.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- If all three golfers tie for the best score, a bet on any of these golfers will be settled and paid as follows: One-third of the bet (lay amount) is paid off at the quoted price, and two-thirds of the bet loses.<\/p>\n<h3>Handball<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For wagering purposes, winners and losers are determined by the score at the end of normal time. Extra time (an extension of normal time) will not count unless specified.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is postponed for any reason, all wagers will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match venue is changed all wagers stand.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All game props, including the following markets, will be settled on regulation time only and exclude overtime if played:<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Game total odd\/even<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Winning margin<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Double chance<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- First to 3\/5 goals<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In-Play betting: All markets are based on regulation time for settlement purposes (overtime does not count). In tournaments, if a new market is formed at the end of regulation time (e.g. To Win in Overtime) penalty shootouts count.<\/p>\n<h3>Ice hockey<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Unless otherwise stated, all wagers are for regulation time ONLY and do NOT include either overtime or penalty shootouts.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a line includes overtime, it will be clearly stated in the bet offer and clearly written on your betslip. Please check your betslip carefully.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Penalty shootouts are expressly considered part of overtime. If a penalty shootout is contested, the winner will be credited with an extra goal.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Games must go a minimum of 55 minutes for wagers to stand. If a game is suspended before 55 complete minutes are played, all wagers on the outcome of the game are refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Minimum time for action on periods: The specific period must be played in its entirety for wagers to stand. Otherwise, all wagers on the period are refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Goals in overtime or the shootout do not count toward bets on the 3rd period.<\/p>\n<h3>Motor Sport<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a race or qualifier is postponed for any reason, all wagers will remain valid for 48 hours. If the postponement lasts more than 48 hours, all wagers will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">The start of any race is defined as the signal to start the warm up lap. Drivers must start the race in order for wagers to stand.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All wagers will be graded at the time of the podium presentation. Subsequent penalties or demotions will not affect the grading of wagers.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All qualifying wagers will stand once a driver starts qualifying. Subsequent penalties or demotions will not affect the grading of wagers.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Championship wagers will be graded immediately after the final race of the season and will not be affected by any subsequent penalties or demotions.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In Speedway, bets will be void if all scheduled heats or races of a meeting or match are not completed except on markets that have been unconditionally determined.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If the scheduled venue is changed all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<h3>Rugby League and Rugby Union<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For wagering purposes, winners and losers are determined by the final score (including overtime, if applicable). In the event of a draw (tie) as the final result\u00a0 money line wagers on either team will be graded as half face value of the ticket. Half the bet is paid off at the quoted price, and half the bet loses.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All rugby matches must go at least 80 minutes for bets to stand, except for pre-season matches that are scheduled to play less time.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a rugby match is postponed for more than 48 hours from its original starting time, all bets on the match will be void and stakes will be returned.<\/p>\n<h3>Snooker<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Match-up betting is based upon correctly selecting the player who officially wins the match. In the event of a match starting but not being completed for whatever reason, the player progressing to the next round (or being declared winner of the competition\/championship) will be deemed the winner. In the event of a match not starting at all, all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Frame betting is based upon correctly selecting the final score of a snooker match. In the event of a match starting but not being completed for whatever reason or a match not starting at all, all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For multi-way markets of the type \"Odds to win the Championship,\" wagers on a non-starting player will be graded as a loss.<\/p>\n<h3>Soccer<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match does not start as scheduled, and does not start the same day (local time of the match site) then wagers on the match will be void. The exception is any wager on whether a team advances in a cup competition, or raises the cup, which will stand regardless of a suspended or postponed match<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers will be decided on games with two halves scheduled for 45 minutes each and any time the referee adds to compensate for injuries and other stoppages. It does not include periods of extra time nor penalty shootouts. If, in a game scheduled for two halves of 45 minutes each, a referee ends the game with an official result with what appears to be a time different than 2 halves of 45 minutes each, wagers will stand. If a referee declares a game abandoned for any reason, wagers will be void and stakes returned.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is suspended before full time is reached, and not completed the same day, (local time of the match site) wagers on the outcome of the match are considered void. If a match is suspended before full time is reached and not resumed the same day, (local time of the match site) wagers related to just the first half will have action, only if the first half has been completed. However, in the case of a suspended match not resumed the same day, (local time of the match site) most other proposition wagers not strictly related to the first half will be void. These will include, but aren't limited to: corner kicks, offsides, players to be sent off, red\/yellow cards, both teams to score, correct score, time of first goal, clean sheet, and specific players to score\/not score. For further clarity, a bet on both teams to score will be void in a suspended match, even if both teams have already scored. Likewise, a wager on a player to score\/not score will be void in a suspended match, even if that player already scored. Likewise, a wager on when the first goal will be scored will be void in a suspended match, regardless of whether a goal has been scored. Likewise all corner\/offside bets will be void in a suspended match, even if the number has exceeded the posted over\/under. Propositions on the team to score first, or next, will stand if there is a goal in a suspended match.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">A match must reach full time for wagers on the total number of goals scored in the match to stand.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers on the first half of a soccer match include 45 minutes of play plus any stoppage time added by the referee at the end of the first half. If the first half is not completed, wagers will be void.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers on the second half of a soccer match include 45 minutes of play plus any stoppage time added by the referee at the end of the second half. Extra periods, golden goals, and shootouts are not included in second half wagering. Goals scored in the first half do not count toward the second half wager.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">The match must reach full time for second half wagers to stand.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Bets on teams to qualify or to advance to the next round of a competition are paid out on the referee\u2019s final whistle at the match\u2019s natural conclusion, whether the match is decided in regular time, extra time, or in a penalty shootout. Extra time and penalty shootouts are always included for betting purposes.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In a one-leg match all bets will stand once the match kicks off. If the referee abandons a one-leg match (for reasons including, but not limited to: crowd disturbances, unplayability of the pitch, or one team not having enough players to continue) bets will be paid based on decisions of the relevant governing body. Bets will stand while the governing body considers the circumstances of the abandonment and determines what remedy is to be taken (including, but no limited to: forfeiture, resumption of play at a later time, or a replay). If a team is disqualified before the match kicks off, all bets will be void. If the rules prescribe a replay for a drawn match, all bets stand for the replay.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">In a two-leg match, all bets will stand once the second leg kicks off, provided that the first leg has not been ruled a forfeit. If the first leg is ruled a forfeit, all bets on teams \u2018to qualify\u2019 or \u2018to advance\u2019 will be void. If the second leg is abandoned, all bets remain valid and will be paid based on decisions of the relevant governing body.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Wagers made on a team winning a specific cup or trophy will include extra time and penalty kicks \u2013 bets will be graded on the result after those added sessions (if they are required).<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">A proposition bet concerning if a player will score, or not score, in a specific match includes regulation time (plus injury time) only. Own goals do not count. For wagers to stand, the player must start the match. Bets on any player who does not start the match will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For hat-trick bets, only goals in regulation time, or any time the referee adds to compensate for injuries and other stoppages, are included. Own goals do not count.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For Exact Score, Total number of Goals, Team Number of Goals, Both Teams to Score, Double Chance and any Handicap Propositions, only goals in regulation time, or any time the referee adds to compensate for injuries and other stoppages, are included.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For proposition wagers on which team will score first, only goals in regulation time or any added injury time will count. If there are zero goals in regulation\/injury time, then all wagers on this proposition will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For halftime\/fulltime score propositions, only goals in regulation time or any added injury time will count. If match does not go full time, then all wagers on this proposition will be refunded.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For correct score propositions, only goals in regulation time or any added injury time will count. If the score is 0-0 at full time, then no goals or exact score of 0-0 will be declared the winner.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">A Clean Sheet will be defined as a team not allowing a goal in regulation or added injury time only. Any goals allowed in extra time or penalty shootouts will not affect this wager.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For \"Win to Nil\" propositions, the team must have a clean sheet(as defined above) and be ahead at the end of regulation\/injury time. If the team is not ahead at the end of regulation\/injury time, then the related proposition will be graded as a loss.<\/p>\n<h3>Tennis<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">One full set must be completed for money line wagers to stand. If less than 1 set is completed, all money line wagers will be void. The winner of the match is the participant declared the victor by the umpire of the match.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a player retires before the 1st set is completed, all wagers on the match will be considered void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">First Set Betting: If the first set is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all wagers will be void and stakes refunded. If the first set in a match is completed, the wagers are graded and will stand on that line.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a tennis match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all Set Betting wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a tennis match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all Handicap and Total Games wagers will be void, regardless of the score of the match.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a tennis match is completed, without retirement or disqualification, all wagers stand as written. A delay in the start of a match will not affect the standing of wagers, nor will a suspension, as long as play is resumed and the match completed.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All futures (Ante post) bets will stand. Should a player withdraw before a tournament begins, or retire during a tournament, bets on that player to win the tournament lose.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">All bets stand regardless of any change of venue, court surface, changing from indoors to outdoors and vice versa.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">Davis Cup or Federation Cup wagers on the \u201cTie\u201d are for that country to advance to the next round. Note that each Tie consists of five rubbers (\"matches\"). The winner of the Tie is the nation that wins three or more of the five rubbers in the Tie. In the event a match does not go the specified number of sets, and the match is shortened by tournament officials, the leader determined to be official by tournament officials shall be the winner.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\"><strong>Live Tennis<\/strong><\/p>\n<p>For live Tennis events the following rules apply, and will supersede those of pre-live tennis:<\/p>\n<ul><li>In case of a retirement and walk over of any player all undecided bets are considered void.\u00a0<\/li>\n<li>If a player retires all undecided bets are considered void.<\/li>\n<li>Every tie-break or Match tie-break counts as 1 game.<\/li>\n<\/ul><h3>Volleyball<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match is suspended before full time is reached, and not completed the same day, wagers on the outcome of the match are void.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For match and set wagering, the actual number of points played in a set will not affect how wagers are graded.\u00a0 For example, sets played to 21 points or 25 points are graded based on the winner of the set.\u00a0<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">If a match venue is changed, all bets stand.<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">The following markets will be void if the match is not completed:<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- To win match<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Set betting<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Total match points<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Point handicap betting<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">- Handicap set betting<\/p>\n<p class=\"MsoNormal\">For individual set markets, in the event of the set not being completed bets will be void. If a specified set is completed and the match is not completed, bets made on the outcome of the specific set will stand.<\/p>\n<h3>Winter Sports<\/h3>\n<h5>Rules<\/h5>\n<p>All bets are settled on the official results\/rankings of the International Ski Federation (FIS), the International Skating Union (ISU), the International Biathlon Union (IBU), the Official Olympic Committee or any official body deemed to have such authority for competitions. Subsequent disqualifications and\/or appeals will not affect bets.<\/p>\n<p>If a specific event is suspended or postponed all bets will be void unless: \u00a0(a) the event is completed at the same venue by end of the next full day; or (b) called by the relevant governing body.<\/p>\n<p>Bets on any participant who takes part in qualifying for a specified event but then fails to qualify for the main Round(s) will be classed as losers.<\/p>\n<p>Head-to-Head (H2H) betting both competitors must leave the start line\/gate for bets to stand. If one competitor is disqualified or does not finish the race for any reason, then the other skier is deemed the winner. A skier can only be deemed a winner if they are listed in the official race classification (e.g. in the case of Slalom or Giant Slalom, both runs must be completed as specified in the event rules).<\/p>","templateVariables":{"linkedContent":[{"heading":"Pre-Live Sports","items":[{"heading":"General settlement and cancellation","content":"<p>These general rules apply to every sport unless clearly intended otherwise.<\/p>\n<h3>Change of venue<\/h3>\n<p>For any team sport:  if the scheduled venue is changed after the market is loaded, all bets will be void only if the new venue is a home ground of the original away team.<\/p>\n<p>For all categories or markets other than team sports:  if the scheduled venue is changed after the market is loaded, all bets will stand.<\/p>\n<p>If there is a change in the type of scheduled surface after the market has been loaded, all bets will stand.<\/p>\n<h3>Dead heat<\/h3>\n<p>For each bet matched on a relevant winning selection, the stake money is first reduced in proportion by multiplying it by the sum of the number of winners, divided by the number of actual winners (i.e. stake multiplied by (number of winners expected\/number of actual winners)). The winnings are then paid to the successful backers on this 'reduced stake' (reduced stake multiplied by traded price).<\/p>\n<p>For example, assume there is a dead heat for first place between three horses. 'Client A' has backed one of the winners for a stake of 300 at the traded price of 4.0. When the event is settled, the stake (300) is multiplied by 1\/3 (i.e. the number of expected winners (1) divided by the number of actual winners (3)) to calculate the reduced stake (100). The backer then receives the traded price matched (4.0) multiplied by the reduced stake (4 x 100 = 400). In this example, Client A's net winnings are 100 (400 payout minus the original 300 stake).<\/p>\n<h3>Suspected Irregularities<\/h3>\n<p>When a game or sporting event has or is suspected of having any irregularities the Operator may withhold payments until a full investigation by the relevant governing body\/independent authority.<\/p>\n<h3>Human error \/ System problems<\/h3>\n<p>If a bet is accepted at a price that is materially different from those available in the general market at the time the bet was made or clearly incorrect given the chance of the event occurring then the Operator will void all these bets.<\/p>\n<p>Event dates and start times displayed on our website are an indication only and are not guaranteed to be correct.<\/p>\n<h3>Multiples<\/h3>\n<p>A multiple bet consists of a number of different chosen selections in any individual event market.<\/p>\n<p>The Operator reserves the right not to accept certain multiple bets.<\/p>\n<p>If a multiple contains a selection that is being voided the odds for this selection will be set to 1, i.e. if the multiple contains the selections over 2.5 goals in game A (odds=2)* home in game B (odds=1.5) and game B is being voided the odds for this multiple will be 2 * 1 = 2.<\/p>\n<p>If a multiple contains a selection that is being settled \"Half Win\" the total odds are calculated as: one Win and one Half Win, odds(selection1) * (odds (selection2)\/2 + 1\/2).<\/p>\n<p>If a multiple contains a selection that is being settled \"Half Lose\" the total odds are calculated as: i.e. one Win and one Half Lose, odds(selection1) * 1\/2.<\/p>\n<h3>Outrights \/ Ante Post<\/h3>\n<p>When placing \"Outright\" bets no stakes will be refunded on participants that are not participating or withdrawing from an event. In case of more winners the dead heat rule will be applied.<\/p>\n<p>If the event or tournament is not completed within 24 hours after the scheduled completion date all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<h3>Postponed \/ Abandoned matches<\/h3>\n<p>If a match does not start on the scheduled starting date or starts but is later abandoned and is not completed (resumed) by the end of the next full day, all bets will be void except for any bets placed on markets which have been unconditionally determined, which will stand.<\/p>\n<p>Some markets have different rules and these are listed under each sport\/market.<\/p>\n<h3>Resettlements<\/h3>\n<p>The Operator reserves the right to reverse the settlement of a market if a market is settled in error (i.e. human or technical error).<\/p>\n<h3>Settled outcomes<\/h3>\n<p>There are five different settled outcomes being used: Win, Lose, Tie, Half win and Half lose. Half win and Half lose refers to Asian handicap or Over\/Under where the line includes a quarter (0.25, 0.75, 1.25 etc.).<\/p>\n<p>If a bet is placed on over 2.25, half of the stake is placed on over 2 and half of the stake is placed on over 2.5. If the game ends with exactly two goals (1-1, 2-0 or 0-2) the bet placed on over 2 is settled tie and the bet placed on over 2.5 is settled lose. This is called Half lose. If the game ends with more than two goals the bet is settled win or if it ends with less than two goals the bet is settled lose.<\/p>\n<p>If a bet is placed on over 2.75, half of the stake is placed on over 2.5 and half of the stake is placed on over 3. If the game ends with exactly three goals (2-1, 3-0, 1-2 or 0-3) the bet placed on over 2.5 is settled as win and the bet placed on over 3 is settled tie. This is called Half win. If the game ends with more than three goals the bet is settled win or if it ends with less than three goals the bet is settled lose.<\/p>\n<p>If the wagering offer on an event includes a draw as a third option and the event ends in a draw, wagers on the draw will be paid, while wagers on either side will be lost.<\/p>"},{"heading":"American Football","content":"<p>All markets will be settled on the result including overtime. If the game results in a tie after overtime all bets on the outright match winner will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match does not start on the scheduled starting date and is not started by the end of the next full day, all bets will be void except for those on markets which have been unconditionally determined.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Australian Rules Football","content":"<p>For betting purposes, winners and losers are determined by the final score (including overtime, if applicable). In the event of a draw (tie) as the final result all money line wagers on either team will be graded as half face value of the ticket. Half the bet is paid off at the quoted price, and half the bet loses.<\/p>\n<p>All Aussie Rules matches must go at least 80 minutes to have action, except for pre-season matches that are scheduled to play less time.<\/p>\n<p>If an Aussie Rules match is postponed for more than 48 hours from its original starting time, all bets on the match will be void.<\/p>\n<p>All bets on the game and all bets on the second half will include overtime scoring.<\/p>\n<p>Bets on fourth quarters will not include overtime scoring.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Bandy","content":"<p>Bets apply to regular time excluding overtime.<\/p>\n<p>If a game is changed from 2 * 45 min to 3 * 30 min all bets will stand.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Baseball","content":"<p>If a game ends with a tie and there is no such eventuality offered in the market, all bets on the match odds market will be void.<\/p>\n<p>All bets will include extra innings.<\/p>\n<p>Money-line wagers on baseball will be accepted in the following manner:<\/p>\n<p> - Action: team against team, regardless of the starting pitchers. When listed pitchers are offered and there is a pitching change prior to the game, the money line will be re-adjusted and \"action\" wagers will be graded using the opening price for the new pitcher.<\/p>\n<p> - Listed Pitchers: if either starting pitcher is not as specified at the time of the bet, the wager is voided.<\/p>\n<p>When listed pitchers are offered, wagers on total runs (over\/under), team totals (over\/under), handicap and alternate handicap will be void if a pitcher change occurs prior to both listed pitchers throwing at least one pitch.<\/p>\n<p>A pitcher is deemed a starter after throwing the first pitch to the opponent's first batter.<\/p>\n<p>If an event is postponed by more than 48 hours, all wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If an event venue is changed all wagers on the event will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a game is called or suspended, the winner is determined by the score after the last full inning unless the home team scores to tie, or takes the lead in the bottom half of the inning, in which case the winner is determined by the score at the time the game is called. Wagers will be refunded if the home team ties the game and it is then suspended. Events will not carry over to the following day unless otherwise specified.<\/p>\n<p>If a game is called or suspended in extra innings, the score will be determined after the last full inning unless the home team scores to tie, or takes the lead in the bottom half of the inning, in which case the score is determined at the time the game is called.<\/p>\n<p>In the case of a suspended playoff game that will be resumed in a span of 96 hours after its suspension, all wagers have action and will be graded after the completion of the game. If the game is not completed within the 96 hours following the time of suspension, then all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p>For wagers on pregame or live baseball on a specific inning or a group of innings those wagers stand if the specific timeframe is completed, regardless if the entire game has concluded.<\/p>\n<p>The result of a game is official after 5 innings of play unless the home team is leading after 4.5 innings. When wagering on either total runs (over\/under) or team totals (over\/under) the game must go 9 innings (8.5 if the home team is ahead) for wagers to stand.<\/p>\n<p>In the case that a Run Ahead or Mercy Rule is invoked, games will be considered complete.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers on handicaps, totals, team totals and money line will stand. If a game does not go five full innings, all first-half wagers (5 innings) will be void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Basketball","content":"<p>If an event is not played on its scheduled date all wagers on the event will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If an event venue is changed all wagers on the event are void.<\/p>\n<p>All competitions\/leagues except the NBA must go at least 35 minutes for wagers to stand unless otherwise specified.<\/p>\n<p>NBA games must go at least 43 minutes to have action.<\/p>\n<p>For wagers on periods (quarters and halfs) the minimum time is considered to be the duration of the period. If the entire game is not completed, wagers on quarters and halfs will have action if the relevant period was completed.<\/p>\n<p>If play is suspended before the minimum time has been reached and not resumed the same day, all wagers on the event will be void.<\/p>\n<p>Any wager on the game or the 2nd half will include any overtime that may occur.<\/p>\n<p>Any wager on the 4th quarter does not include any overtime that may occur.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Boxing","content":"<p>When the bell sounds to begin the first round, the bout will be considered official for betting purposes, regardless of the scheduled length or title.<\/p>\n<p>If the number of scheduled rounds in a fight is changed, all wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If one of the boxers is disqualified that boxer will be deemed to be a loser.<\/p>\n<p>A fight is a Technical Draw when a fight ends before an allotted number of rounds. This is usually because of an accidental head-butt or foul.<\/p>\n<p>Any fight that is deemed \"no contest\" will have all wagers refunded.<\/p>\n<p>Results will be graded based on the official result at ringside. Results are not official for wagering purposes until verified by officials at the fighting venue. Official or unofficial sanctioning body overturns of a fight decision based on appeal, suspension, lawsuit, drug testing result, or any other fighter sanction will not be recognized for wagering purposes.<\/p>\n<p>Unless otherwise specified, matches must go within thirty days of the scheduled date for wagers to have action.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Cricket","content":"<p>If a match venue is changed then bets already placed will stand providing the home team is still designated as such. If the home and away team for a listed match are reversed then bets placed based on the original listing will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is abandoned due to outside interference, bets on the outcome for the total of the game will be void, if no winner is declared from the official site all bets on the winner of the match will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is affected by external factors (such as bad weather), all bets will be settled based on the official competition rule (this includes matches affected by a mathematical calculation such as the Duckworth-Lewis method (DL) or the Jayadevan system (VJD)).<\/p>\n<p>Where no price is quoted for the tie and the official competition rules do not determine a winner then all wagers will be voided. In competitions where a bowl out or super over determines a winner, then bets will be settled on the official result<\/p>\n<p>For top batsman\/bowler betting:<\/p>\n<ul><li>- Wagers placed on any player not in the starting 11 will be deemed void.<\/li><li>- Players who are in the starting 11 will be deemed to have played even if they have not batted or bowled.<\/li><li>- Dead heat rules apply in the event of a tie.<\/li><\/ul><p>For most sixes hit in the match:<\/p>\n<ul><li>- Match must reach a natural conclusion for bets to stand. Dead heat rules apply in the event of a tie.<\/li><\/ul>"},{"heading":"Cycling","content":"<p>Participants must pass the starting line of the respective event\/stage for bets to stand otherwise bets will be void. Head to heads will be settled upon the cyclist achieving the highest placing in the specified event\/stage. If both cyclists start but fail to finish a specific event\/stage then bets will be void. If both cyclists start a specific event\/stage and only one fails to finish then the cyclist who completes the specific event\/stage will be deemed the winner.<\/p>\n<p>Bets will be settled based on the classification that is published immediately after the race. Overturns later via protests, doping tests, or other means will not be recognized for betting purposes.<\/p>\n<p>If a race is postponed due to weather or force majeure, all wagers will stand if, and only if, the race is started within one week of the original start date.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Darts","content":"<p>When betting on the outright tournament winner, all wagers will stand; there are no refunds. Should a player withdraw before a tournament begins, any wagers on that player to win the tournament will be graded as losses.<\/p>\n<p>Match Wagers: The player progressing to the next round will be deemed the winner, providing one of the players has thrown a dart at the start of the first leg. If the first dart is not thrown, all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p>Sets Wagers: The full number of sets required to win the match must be completed. If for any reason the match is awarded to a contestant before the full number of sets is completed, all sets wagers on the match will be void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Floorball","content":"<p>Bets apply to regular time excluding overtime.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Futsal","content":"<p>Unless otherwise stated, all wagers are settled on regulation time only. This includes two periods of play and any time the referee adds on to compensate for injuries and other stoppages. It does not include periods of extra time nor penalty shootouts.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is suspended before full time is reached, and not completed the same day, wagers on the outcome of the match are considered void and all stakes shall be returned.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is postponed for any reason, all wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match venue is changed, all bets stand.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Golf","content":"<p>If the start of a round is delayed, or if play during a round is suspended, all pending wagers will remain valid for 48 hours. If the postponement lasts more than 48 hours, all pending wagers will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers on a golfer who does not play in the tournament will be void, and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p>A golfer is deemed to have played once he or she has teed off. In the event of a player withdrawing after having teed off, wagers on that player will be lost.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers will be settled using the official tournament and match results (including final match correct score and individual match betting). This includes a match that finishes early, either by agreement of the players or because of injury.<\/p>\n<p>Tournament winner\/finishing position:<\/p>\n<ul><li>- The \"Field\" includes all players not offered by name.<\/li><li>- All outright bets are settled on the player winning the trophy. The result of play-offs is taken into account.<\/li><li>- If a tournament does not go the specified number of completed holes (usually 72) and is shortened by the tournament officials, the leader at the end of the number of holes specified by the officials will be the winner, unless there is no further play or only part of a round completed after a bet has been placed, in which case that bet will be void.<\/li><li>- In the event that two or more golfers are tied for the lead at the end of regulation play, a sudden death playoff is normally used to determine the winner of the tournament. In this case, the winner of the playoff is the winner for betting purposes. All other golfers in the playoff will be graded as second-place finishers.<\/li><li>- In the event of a tie for a finishing position, the tied position will count; for example, if five players tie for eighth place, all five will be considered to have finished eighth.<\/li><li>- In some tournaments, tournament officials may have the individuals play a specified number of playoff holes to determine the tournament winner. In this case, the golfer with the lowest score after completing the specified number of holes will be declared the winner, and all other golfers in the playoff will be graded as second-place finishers.<\/li><\/ul><p>18 hole wagering:<\/p>\n<ul><li>- The winner will be the player with the lowest score over 18 holes. If scores are level after 18 holes, all wagers will be void. Play-offs do not count.<\/li><\/ul><p>Three-way matchups (three-balls):<\/p>\n<ul><li>- Wagers on three-way golf matchups, known as \"three-balls\", will be decided by the lowest score after one full round of play. A full round is complete when 18 holes have been completed.<\/li><li>- If a player who has started withdraws before completing 18 holes he is deemed a loser regardless of the score. A player has started once he tees off on the first hole. If any player withdraws before starting, all bets on all players in his group will be void.<\/li><li>- In the event of starting groups being rearranged, bets will be settled on the original groups.<ul><li>In case of a tie for the low score in three-ball matches, we use the European dead heat rule:<\/li><li>- If two golfers tie for the best score, a bet on either of these golfers will be settled and paid as follows: Half the bet (lay amount) is paid off at the quoted price, and half the bet loses. A bet on the golfer who finishes last is a losing bet. <\/li><li>- If all three golfers tie for the best score, a bet on any of these golfers will be settled and paid as follows: One-third of the bet (lay amount) is paid off at the quoted price, and two-thirds of the bet loses.<\/li><\/ul><\/li><\/ul>"},{"heading":"Handball","content":"<p>For wagering purposes, winners and losers are determined by the score at the end of normal time. Extra time (an extension of normal time) will not count unless specified.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is postponed for any reason, all wagers will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p>If a match venue is changed all wagers stand.<\/p>\n<p>All game props, including the following markets, will be settled on regulation time only and exclude overtime if played:<\/p>\n<ul><li>- Game total odd\/even<\/li><li>- Winning margin<\/li><li>- Double chance<\/li><li>- First to 3\/5 goals<\/li><\/ul><p>In-Play betting: All markets are based on regulation time for settlement purposes (overtime does not count). In tournaments, if a new market is formed at the end of regulation time (e.g. To Win in Overtime) penalty shootouts count.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Ice Hockey","content":"<p>Money Line markets (two-way) include overtime.<\/p>\n<p>Match Result markets (three-way) do not include overtime.<\/p>\n<p>Penalty shootouts are expressly considered part of overtime. If a penalty shootout is contested, the winner will be credited with an extra goal.<\/p>\n<p>Games must go a minimum of 55 minutes for wagers to stand. If a game is suspended before 55 complete minutes are played, all wagers on the outcome of the game are refunded.<\/p>\n<p>Minimum time for action on periods: The specific period must be played in its entirety for wagers to stand. Otherwise, all wagers on the period are refunded.<\/p>\n<p>Goals in overtime or the shootout do not count toward bets on the 3rd period.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Motor Sport","content":"<p>If a race or qualifier is postponed for any reason, all wagers will remain valid for 48 hours. If the postponement lasts more than 48 hours, all wagers will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p>The start of any race is defined as the signal to start the warm up lap. Drivers must start the race in order for wagers to stand.<\/p>\n<p>All wagers will be graded at the time of the podium presentation. Subsequent penalties or demotions will not affect the grading of wagers.<\/p>\n<p>All qualifying wagers will stand once a driver starts qualifying. Subsequent penalties or demotions will not affect the grading of wagers.<\/p>\n<p>Championship wagers will be graded immediately after the final race of the season and will not be affected by any subsequent penalties or demotions.<\/p>\n<p>In Speedway, bets will be void if all scheduled heats or races of a meeting or match are not completed except on markets that have been unconditionally determined.<\/p>\n<p>If the scheduled venue is changed all bets will be void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Rugby League & Rugby Union","content":"<p>For wagering purposes, winners and losers are determined by the final score (including overtime, if applicable). In the event of a draw (tie) as the final result  money line wagers on either team will be graded as half face value of the ticket. Half the bet is paid off at the quoted price, and half the bet loses.<\/p>\n<p>All rugby matches must go at least 80 minutes for bets to stand, except for pre-season matches that are scheduled to play less time.<\/p>\n<p>If a rugby match is postponed for more than 48 hours from its original starting time, all bets on the match will be void and stakes will be returned.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Snooker","content":"<p>Match up betting is based upon correctly selecting the player who officially wins the match. In the event of a match starting but not being completed for whatever reason, the player progressing to the next round (or being declared winner of the competition\/championship) will be deemed the winner. In the event of a match not starting at all, all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p>Frame betting is based upon correctly selecting the final score of a snooker match. In the event of a match starting but not being completed for whatever reason or a match not starting at all, all bets will be void.<\/p>\n<p>For multi-way markets of the type Odds to win the Championship, wagers on a non-starting player will be graded as a loss.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Soccer","content":"<p>If a match does not start as scheduled, and does not start the same day (local time of the match site) then wagers on the match will be void. The exception is any wager on whether a team advances in a cup competition, or raises the cup, which will stand regardless of a suspended or postponed match.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers will be decided on games with two halves scheduled for 45 minutes each and any time the referee adds to compensate for injuries and other stoppages. It does not include periods of extra time nor penalty shootouts. If, in a game scheduled for two halves of 45 minutes each, a referee ends the game with an official result with what appears to be a time different than 2 halves of 45 minutes each, wagers will stand. If a referee declares a game abandoned for any reason, wagers will be void and stakes returned.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is suspended before full time is reached, and not completed the same day, (local time of the match site) wagers on the outcome of the match are considered void. If a match is suspended before full time is reached and not resumed the same day, (local time of the match site) wagers related to just the first half will have action, only if the first half has been completed. However, in the case of a suspended match not resumed the same day, (local time of the match site) most other proposition wagers not strictly related to the first half will be void. These will include, but aren't limited to: corner kicks, offsides, players to be sent off, red\/yellow cards, both teams to score, correct score, time of first goal, clean sheet, and specific players to score\/not score. For further clarity, a bet on both teams to score will be void in a suspended match, even if both teams have already scored. Likewise, a wager on a player to score\/not score will be void in a suspended match, even if that player already scored. Likewise, a wager on when the first goal will be scored will be void in a suspended match, regardless of whether a goal has been scored. Likewise all corner\/offside bets will be void in a suspended match, even if the number has exceeded the posted over\/under. Propositions on the team to score first, or next, will stand if there is a goal in a suspended match.<\/p>\n<p>A match must reach full time for wagers on the total number of goals scored in the match to stand.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers on the first half of a soccer match include 45 minutes of play plus any stoppage time added by the referee at the end of the first half. If the first half is not completed, wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers on the second half of a soccer match include 45 minutes of play plus any stoppage time added by the referee at the end of the second half. Extra periods, golden goals, and shootouts are not included in second half wagering. Goals scored in the first half do not count toward the second half wager.<\/p>\n<p>The match must reach full time for second half wagers to stand.<\/p>\n<p>Bets on teams to qualify or to advance to the next round of a competition are paid out on the referee's final whistle at the match's natural conclusion, whether the match is decided in regular time, extra time, or in a penalty shootout. Extra time and penalty shootouts are always included for betting purposes.<\/p>\n<p>In a one-leg match all bets will stand once the match kicks off. If the referee abandons a one-leg match (for reasons including, but not limited to: crowd disturbances, unplayability of the pitch, or one team not having enough players to continue) bets will be paid based on decisions of the relevant governing body. Bets will stand while the governing body considers the circumstances of the abandonment and determines what remedy is to be taken (including, but no limited to: forfeiture, resumption of play at a later time, or a replay). If a team is disqualified before the match kicks off, all bets will be void. If the rules prescribe a replay for a drawn match, all bets stand for the replay.<\/p>\n<p>In a two-leg match, all bets will stand once the second leg kicks off, provided that the first leg has not been ruled a forfeit. If the first leg is ruled a forfeit, all bets on teams to qualify or to advance will be void. If the second leg is abandoned, all bets remain valid and will be paid based on decisions of the relevant governing body.<\/p>\n<p>Wagers made on a team winning a specific cup or trophy will include extra time and penalty kicks bets will be graded on the result after those added sessions (if they are required).<\/p>\n<p>A proposition bet concerning if a player will score, or not score, in a specific match includes regulation time (plus injury time) only. Own goals do not count. For wagers to stand, the player must start the match. Bets on any player who does not start the match will be void.<\/p>\n<p>For hat-trick bets, only goals in regulation time, or any time the referee adds to compensate for injuries and other stoppages, are included. Own goals do not count.<\/p>\n<p>For Exact Score, Total number of Goals, Team Number of Goals, Both Teams to Score, Double Chance and any Handicap Propositions, only goals in regulation time, or any time the referee adds to compensate for injuries and other stoppages, are included.<\/p>\n<p>For proposition wagers on which team will score first, only goals in regulation time or any added injury time will count. If there are zero goals in regulation\/injury time, then all wagers on this proposition will be void and stakes refunded.<\/p>\n<p>For halftime\/fulltime score propositions, only goals in regulation time or any added injury time will count. If match does not go full time, then all wagers on this proposition will be refunded.<\/p>\n<p>For correct score propositions, only goals in regulation time or any added injury time will count. If the score is 0-0 at full time, then no goals or exact score of 0-0 will be declared the winner.<\/p>\n<p>A Clean Sheet will be defined as a team not allowing a goal in regulation or added injury time only. Any goals allowed in extra time or penalty shootouts will not affect this wager.<\/p>\n<p>For \"Win to Nil\" propositions, the team must have a clean sheet(as defined above) and be ahead at the end of regulation\/injury time. If the team is not ahead at the end of regulation\/injury time, then the related proposition will be graded as a loss.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Tennis","content":"<p>One full set must be completed for money line wagers to stand. If less than 1 set is completed, all money line wagers will be void. The winner of the match is the participant declared the victor by the umpire of the match.<\/p>\n<p>If a player retires before the 1st set is completed, all wagers on the match will be considered void.<\/p>\n<p>First Set Betting: If the first set is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all wagers will be void and stakes refunded. If the first set in a match is completed, the wagers are graded and will stand on that line.<\/p>\n<p>If a tennis match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all Set Betting wagers will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If a tennis match is not completed because of a player retirement or disqualification, all Handicap and Total Games wagers will be void, regardless of the score of the match.<\/p>\n<p>If a tennis match is completed, without retirement or disqualification, all wagers stand as written. A delay in the start of a match will not affect the standing of wagers, nor will a suspension, as long as play is resumed and the match completed.<\/p>\n<p>All futures (Ante post) bets will stand. Should a player withdraw before a tournament begins, or retire during a tournament, bets on that player to win the tournament lose.<\/p>\n<p>All bets stand regardless of any change of venue, court surface, changing from indoors to outdoors and vice versa.<\/p>\n<p>Davis Cup or Federation Cup wagers on the are for that country to advance to the next round. Note that each Tie consists of five rubbers \"matches\". The winner of the Tie is the nation that wins three or more of the five rubbers in the Tie. In the event a match does not go the specified number of sets, and the match is shortened by tournament officials, the leader determined to be official by tournament officials shall be the winner.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Volleyball","content":"<p>If a match is suspended before full time is reached, and not completed the same day, wagers on the outcome of the match are void.<\/p>\n<p>For match and set wagering, the actual number of points played in a set will not affect how wagers are graded.  For example, sets played to 21 points or 25 points are graded based on the winner of the set. <\/p>\n<p>If a match venue is changed, all bets stand.<\/p>\n<p>The following markets will be void if the match is not completed:<\/p>\n<ul><li>- To win match<\/li><li>- Set betting<\/li><li>- Total match points<\/li><li>- Point handicap betting<\/li><li>- Handicap set betting<\/li><\/ul><p>For individual set markets, in the event of the set not being completed bets will be void. If a specified set is completed and the match is not completed, bets made on the outcome of the specific set will stand.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Winter Sports","content":"<p>All bets are settled on the official results\/rankings of the International Ski Federation (FIS), the International Skating Union (ISU), the International Biathlon Union (IBU), the Official Olympic Committee or any official body deemed to have such authority for competitions. Subsequent disqualifications and\/or appeals will not affect bets.<\/p>\n<p>If a specific event is suspended or postponed all bets will be void unless:  (a) the event is completed at the same venue by end of the next full day; or (b) called by the relevant governing body.<\/p>\n<p>Bets on any participant who takes part in qualifying for a specified event but then fails to qualify for the main Round(s) will be classed as losers.<\/p>\n<p>Head-to-Head (H2H) betting both competitors must leave the start line\/gate for bets to stand. If one competitor is disqualified or does not finish the race for any reason, then the other skier is deemed the winner. A skier can only be deemed a winner if they are listed in the official race classification (e.g. in the case of Slalom or Giant Slalom, both runs must be completed as specified in the event rules).<\/p>"}]},{"heading":"Live Sports","items":[{"heading":"General settlement and cancellation","content":"<h3>Live Information<\/h3>\n<p>We do everything we can to ensure that the information displayed on live site with regards to an event is correct, but it is to be used as a guide only. In the event of score, time of match etc. being incorrect we assume no liability for this particularly where we rely on information provided by third parties.<\/p>\n<p>If the outcome of a market cannot be verified officially, we reserve the right to delay the settlement until official confirmation.<\/p>\n<p>If markets were offered when the outcome was already known, we reserve the right to void any betting.<\/p>\n<p>In the case of any obviously incorrectly displayed or calculated prices, we reserve the right to void betting. This includes a deviation of more than 100% in the payout compared to the market average.<\/p>\n<p>If coverage has to be abandoned and the match finishes regularly, all markets will be settled according to the final result. If the outcome of a market cannot be verified officially, we reserve the right to void them.<\/p>\n<p>In the case of an incorrect settlement of markets, we reserve the right to correct them anytime.<\/p>\n<p>In the case of the general implied rules of a sport being violated, we reserve the right to void any market (e.g. unusual period length, counting procedure, format of a match etc.).<\/p>\n<p>In the case of the rules or format of a match differing from our implied information, we reserve the right to void any market.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is not finished or played at all regularly (e.g. disqualification, interruption, withdrawal, changes in draws etc.), all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Soccer","content":"<p>All markets except halftime, first half markets, overtime and penalty shoot out are considered for regular time only.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted and continued within 48h after initial kick-off, all open bets will be settled with the final result. Otherwise all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>Regular 90 Minutes: Markets are based on the result at the end of a scheduled 90 minutes play unless otherwise stated. This includes any added injury or stoppage time but does not include extra-time, time allocated for a penalty shootout or golden goal.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If the market remains open when the following events have already taken place: goals, red or yellow-red cards and penalties, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the market was opened with a missing or incorrect red card, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 5 minutes), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a wrong score is entered, all markets will be cancelled for the time when the incorrect score was displayed.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If the team names or category are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<h3>Booking markets<\/h3>\n<p>Yellow card counts as 1 card and red or yellow-red card as 2. The 2nd yellow for one player which leads to a yellow red card is not considered. As a consequence one player cannot cause more than 3 cards.<\/p>\n<p>Settlement will be made according to all available evidence of cards shown during the regular 90 minutes play.<\/p>\n<p>Cards shown after the match are not considered.<\/p>\n<p>Cards for non-players (already substituted players, managers, players on bench) are not considered.<\/p>\n<h3>Booking points markets<\/h3>\n<p>Yellow card counts as 10 points and red or yellow red cards as 25. The 2nd yellow for one player which leads to a yellow red card is not considered. As a consequence one player cannot cause more than 35 booking points.<\/p>\n<p>Settlement will be made according to all available evidence for cards shown during the regular 90 minutes play.<\/p>\n<p>Cards shown after the match are not considered.<\/p>\n<p>Cards for non-players (already substituted players, managers, players on bench) are not considered.<\/p>\n<h3>Corner markets<\/h3>\n<p>Corners awarded but not taken are not considered.<\/p>\n<h3>Anytime goalscorer<\/h3>\n<p>Own goals will not be considered for Anytime Goalscorer settlement purposes and are ignored.<\/p>\n<p>All players who took part in the match are considered as runners. If for any reason an unlisted player scores a goal all bets on listed players stand.<\/p>\n<p>If a match hasn't finished within 48h after initial kick off all bets are considered void even on players who already scored<\/p>\n<p>Market will be settled based on TV insert and statistics provided by Press Association unless there is clear evidence that these statistics are not correct.<\/p>\n<h3>Next goal scorer<\/h3>\n<p>Own goals will not be considered for Next Goalscorer settlement purposes and are ignored.<\/p>\n<p>All players who took part in the match since kick off or previous goal are considered as runners.<\/p>\n<p>All players who are currently taking part are listed. If for any reason an unlisted player scores a goal all bets on listed players stand.<\/p>\n<p>Markets will be settled based on TV insert and statistics provided by Press Association unless there is clear evidence that these statistics are not correct.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Tennis","content":"<p>In case of a retirement and walk over of any player all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>In case of any delay (rain, darkness...) all markets remain unsettled and the trading will be continued as soon as the match continues.<\/p>\n<p>If penalty point(s) are awarded by the umpire, all bets on that game will stand.<\/p>\n<p>In case of a match is finished before certain points\/games were finished, all affected point\/game related markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and Cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the players\/teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a player retires all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is decided by a Match tie-break then it will be considered to be the 3rd set.<\/p>\n<p>Every tie-break or Match tie-break counts as 1 game.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Basketball","content":"<p>Markets do not consider overtime unless otherwise stated.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 2 minutes), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"},{"heading":"American Football","content":"<p>In case of any delay (rain, darkness...) all markets remain unsettled and the trading will be continued as soon as the match continues.<\/p>\n<p>Markets do not consider overtime unless otherwise stated.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 89 seconds), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a wrong score is displayed we reserve the right to void betting for this timeframe.<\/p>\n<p>If the teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>In case of abandoned or postponed matches all markets are considered void unless the match continues in the same NFL weekly schedule (Thursday - Wednesday local stadium time).<\/p>"},{"heading":"Ice Hockey","content":"<p>All markets (except period, overtime and penalty shootout markets) are considered for regular time only unless it is mentioned in the market.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted and continued within 48h after initial kick-off all open bets will be settled with the final result. Otherwise all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If the market remains open when the following events have already taken place: goals and penalties, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 2 minutes), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a wrong score is entered all markets will be cancelled for the time when the incorrect score was displayed.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date betting will be void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Baseball","content":"<p>Possible extra innings are not considered in any market except for Who scores the Xth point and Which team will win race to X points or otherwise stated.<\/p>\n<p>The names of the markets do not reflect the actual terms used in baseball. Please take note of the following legend for the actual terms used in baseball:<\/p>\n<table><tbody><tr><th>Name of a market<\/th><th>Terms used in Baseball<\/th><\/tr><tr><td>Period<\/td><td>Inning<\/td><\/tr><tr><td>Overtime (OT)<\/td><td>Extra Inning<\/td><\/tr><tr><td>Points<\/td><td>Runs<\/td><\/tr><tr><td>Halftime<\/td><td>Result after the 9th half-inning<\/td><\/tr><\/tbody><\/table><h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>All markets will be cleared according the final result after 9 innings (8 1\/2 innings if home team is leading at this point).<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or cancelled and won't be continued on the same day, all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score or incorrect match status which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Handball","content":"<p>All markets (except halftime, first half, Who scores the Xth point and Which team will win race to X points) are considered for regular time only.<\/p>\n<p>If the match goes to a 7-metre shootout; the markets Who scores Xth point? and Which team will win race to X points? will be voided.<\/p>\n<p>Markets do not consider overtime unless otherwise stated.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date, betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 3 minutes), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Volleyball","content":"<p>In the case of a match not being finished all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>Golden set is not considered in any of the mentioned markets.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date, betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Beach Volleyball","content":"<p>In the case of a match not being finished, all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>Golden set is not considered in any of the mentioned markets.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date, betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a team retires all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Futsal","content":"<p>All markets (except halftime, first half markets, overtime and penalty shoot out) are considered for regular time only.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted and continued within 48h after initial kick-off date, all open bets will be settled with the final result. Otherwise all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If the market remains open when the following events have already taken place: goals, red or yellow-red cards and penal- ties, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the market was opened with a missing or incorrect red card, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 2 minutes), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a wrong score is entered, all markets will be cancelled for the time when the incorrect score was displayed.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48 h after initial kick-off date betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If the team names or category are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Badminton","content":"<p>In the case of a match not being finished all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date, betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the players\/teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a player retires all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Rugby Union & League","content":"<p>All markets (except halftime, first half markets, overtime and penalty shoot out) are considered for regular time only.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted and continued within 48h after initial kick-off, all open bets will be settled with the final result. Otherwise all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>Regular 80 Minutes: Markets are based on the result at the end of a scheduled 80 minutes play unless otherwise stated. This includes any added injury or stoppage time but does not include extra-time, time allocated for a penalty shootout or sudden death.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If the market remains open when the following events have already taken place: score changes or red cards, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the market was opened with a missing or incorrect red card, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If odds were offered with an incorrect match time (more than 2 minutes), we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If the team names or category are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Darts","content":"<p>In the case of a match not being finished all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the players\/teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is not completed all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>Bullseye counts as red check out colour.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Snooker","content":"<p>In the case of a retirement of a player or disqualification all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>In case of a re-rack settlement stays if the outcome was determined before the re-rack.<\/p>\n<p>No fouls or free balls are considered for settlement of any Potted-Colour market.<\/p>\n<p>In case of a frame starting but not being completed, all frame related markets will be voided unless the outcome has already been determined.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the players\/teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is not completed all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Table Tennis","content":"<p>In the case of a match not being finished all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is interrupted or postponed and is not continued within 48h after initial kick-off date, betting will be void.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the players\/teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a player retires all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Bowls","content":"<p>In case of a retirement and walk over of any player all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>If a match is interrupted and continued within 48h after initial start time, all open bets will be settled with the final result. Otherwise all undecided bets are considered void.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If the players\/teams are displayed incorrectly, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>\n<p>If a player retires all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>"},{"heading":"Cricket T20 & ODI","content":"<p>All markets do not consider super overs unless otherwise mentioned.<\/p>\n<p>Penalty runs are not considered in any over or delivery market (markets for multiple overs are not considered for this rule).<\/p>\n<p>Twenty 20: all scheduled overs must be played for undecided markets to be settled unless the innings has reached its natural conclusion.<\/p>\n<p>ODIs: a minimum of 90 % of the entire overs allocated for an innings must be played at the time the bet was struck for markets to be settled unless the innings has reached its natural conclusion.<\/p>\n<h3>Settlement and cancellation rules<\/h3>\n<p>If a match is cancelled before any play has taken place, then all markets are considered void unless the match is replayed within 48 hours of its initial starting time.<\/p>\n<p>If the match is tied and the official competition rules do not determine a winner; or if the competition rules determine the winner by a coin toss or drawing of lots, then all undecided markets are considered void.<\/p>\n<p>In the event of an over not being completed, all undecided markets on this specific over are considered void unless the innings has reached its natural conclusion e.g. declaration, team all out, etc.<\/p>\n<p>If markets remain open with an incorrect score which has a significant impact on the prices, we reserve the right to void betting.<\/p>"}]}],"translationPriority":"low","translationComplete":false}}